Misc docs updates (#17496)
unoplatform/uno: doc/articles/features/working-with-xaml-hot-reload.md

  - Open Tools / Options
  - Search for **.NET / C++ Hot Reload**
  - Ensure that all three checkboxes are checked (_**Enable hot reload when debugging**_, _**Enable Hot Reload without debugging**_ and _**Apply Hot Reload on File Save**_)

> - The output window in VS has an output namegd `Uno Platform` in its drop-down. Diagnostics messages from the VS integration appear there. Changing the MSBuild build output verbosity in `Tools/Options/Projects and Solutions/Build And Run` controls the log level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The output window in VS has an output named `Uno Platform` in its drop-down menu. Diagnostic messages from the VS integration appear there. Changing the MSBuild build output verbosity in Tools/Options/Projects and Solutions/Build And Run controls the log level.
```

Reviewer 2: Also @jeromelaban would be nice to specify which level of verbosity we should have at minimum to see logs in the "Uno Platform" output (+ VS restart needed when changing the verbosity level?)

> - When a file is reloaded, XAML parsing errors will appear in the application's logs, on device or in browser.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- When a file is reloaded, XAML parsing errors will appear in the application's logs, on the device or in the browser.
```

  - Open Tools / Options
  - Search for **.NET / C++ Hot Reload**
  - Ensure that all three checkboxes are checked (_**Enable hot reload when debugging**_, _**Enable Hot Reload without debugging**_ and _**Apply Hot Reload on File Save**_)

> - The output window in VS has an output named `Uno Platform` in its drop-down. Diagnostics messages from the VS integration appear there. Changing the MSBuild build output verbosity above "minimal" in **`**Tools/Options/Projects** and **Solutions/Build And Run** controls the log level.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The output window in Visual Studio has an output named `Uno Platform` in its drop-down. Diagnostics messages from the VS integration appear there. You will need to have the **MSBuild project build output verbosity** above "minimal" in **Tools > Options > Projects and Solutions > Build And Run** controls to start having some logs in the `Uno Platform` output. These changes should take effect immediately without requiring a restart of Visual Studio. However, if you seem to not have more additional logs, try restarting Visual Studio. For more information regarding verbosity for build log, see the [related VS documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/ide/how-to-view-save-and-configure-build-log-files?view=vs-2022#to-change-the-amount-of-information-included-in-the-build-log).
```
